Set :- 1
1.	Write a function to calculate the sum of n elements.
2.	Write a function that takes an array of "n" numbers as an argument and returns an object containing the maximum number, minimum number, and the average of all numbers in the array.
3.	Given an array of numbers, write a function that returns the sum of all the even numbers.
4.	Given an array of numbers, write a function that returns the difference between the largest and smallest numbers.
5.	Given an array of objects representing people, where each object has a name property and an age property, write a function that returns the name of the oldest person.
6.	Write a function that calculates the product of all numbers in an array.
7.	Write a function that checks whether a given number is a prime number.
8.	Write a function that returns the largest even number in an array.
9.	Write a function that takes an array of numbers and returns an array with each number squared.
10.	Write a function that removes duplicates from an array of numbers.
11.	Write a function that checks if a given string is a palindrome (reads the same forwards and backwards).
12.	Write a function that takes an array of numbers and returns the index of the first occurrence of the maximum number.
13.	Write a function that takes an array of numbers and returns an array with the numbers in reverse order.
14.	Write a function that calculates the factorial of a given number.
15.	Write a function that returns the second largest number in an array of numbers.
Set:- 2
1.	Given an array, write an ES6 function that returns the total length of all the strings in an array.
2.	Write an ES6 function sumSquares that takes an array of numbers and returns the sum of the squares of all the numbers in the array.
3.	Write an ES6 function that calculates and returns the total value of all items in an array of objects.
4.	Write an ES6 function that takes an array of strings as input and concatenates them into a single string.
5.	Write an ES6 function to multiply and return all the elements of a given array.
6.	Write an ES6 function that takes an array of strings and returns the longest string.
7.	Write an ES6 function that takes an array of objects with name and age properties, and returns the name of the oldest person.
8.	Write an ES6 function that takes an array of objects representing people with name and age properties, and returns an object with the average age of all the people.
9.	Write an ES6 function that takes an array of objects representing products with name, price, and quantity properties, and returns an object with the most expensive product.
10.	Write an ES6 function that takes an array of strings and returns an object with the count of each string.

Set3:- 
1.	Write an ES6 function that takes an array of numbers and returns the highest even number.
2.	Write an ES6 function that takes an array of strings and returns an array with only the strings that start with a vowel.
3.	Write an ES6 function that takes an array of numbers and returns the sum of all odd numbers in the array.
4.	Write an ES6 function that takes an array of objects and returns the object with the lowest price.
5.	Write an ES6 function that takes an array of strings and returns an array with the strings sorted by length in ascending order.
6.	Write an ES6 function that takes an array of objects with name and age properties, and returns the object with the youngest person.
7.	Write an ES6 function that takes an array of numbers and returns an array with each number cubed.
8.	Write an ES6 function that takes an array of numbers and returns the difference between the largest and smallest numbers.
9.	Write an ES6 function that takes an array of strings and returns an object where the keys are the strings and the values are the lengths of the strings.
10.	Write an ES6 function that takes an array of numbers and returns the number of even numbers in the array.

